[Teacher] Yesterday,
our class rabbit died.
It seems it ate something
it shouldn't have.
And I would like to know
if any of you can tell me
what happened.
[Boy 1] I bet they did it.
[Boy 2] Yeah! I saw those
three girls over there
goofing around the
rabbit cage yesterday.
[Girl 1] Well, that was
because M-Mei-chan...
She said it'd eat anything,
so we should feed it something.
[GIrl 2] We said we didn't want
to, but she made us do it.
[Young Mei] No, it wasn't me...
I-I didn't do anything...
Why are you all doing this?
Good morning, Marshmallow.
[Mrs. Tachibana] Mei, don't
leave the water on while
you're washing your hair.
I put up a wind chime.
It's kind of summery.
[Mei] Kind of late for
that, isn't it?
[Mrs. Tachibana] You should know
by now, it's never too late.
"Nothing starts till you begin."
[Mei] What's that?
[Mrs. Tachibana] A quote
from a song.
Uh-huh.
[Marshmallow meows]
[Mei] Oh. Yeah,
I'll feed you too.
[Mei] Later, Mom!
Be careful out there.
[footsteps]
[door opening and closing]
[classical music playing
on Mei's MP3 player]
Another year.
Just watch out for the old guy
who's teaching our homeroom.
Hey, hey. Look,
it's Rabbit Girl.
[Girls laugh]
[song crescendos]
[Girl A] Hey Tachibana.
Still single after all these
years, Tachibana?
Wow, ignoring us?
You know, you can't ask a girl
like that about her love life.
Oh yeah, sweet 16 and
never been kissed!
[girls laugh]
[Mei] Freakin' lameoids.
I haven't had any friends,
let alone a boyfriend,
for 16 years.
And I plan to keep
on beating my record.
I've been in a few groups of
people who called themselves
my friends.
But I finally figured it out.
All they've ever done
is hurt me.
I'm better off by myself.
[Nakanishi] Geeze, I can't
believe that crap from
yesterday.
Word on the street is Seino's
chaulk full of busty babes with
bodacious tata's,
I get my A game going but they
all pounced on you instead!
[Yamato] They did?
Man, it was going on
all around you.
Even the hotest of the
hotties wanted to climb
all over you, boy.
And all I got to do is stand
there and watch.
Sorry about that, okay?
[Nakanishi] So? Did you
get her number?
Not really.
What the hell's wrong
with you, man?
It's not like I had
to ask for it, okay?
She was practically begging you
to ask her for her phone
number, dude.
[Nakanishi] What a waste.
[Yamato] You sure?
I mean, she just looks like
all the other girls I see all
the time.
Aah. Don't get on your high
horse with me, Yamato Kurosawa.
Somewhere in that chick magnet
body of yours is a predetor
waiting to jump out.
Is that sarcasm?
[Nakanishi] Don't tell me
all the girls look the
same to you.
[Yamato] Heh.
[Nakanishi] You don't fool me.
[Yamato] But they're all
equal in my eyes.
[Asami] Yamato!
Good morning!
Asamicchi!
Where were you last night?
I tried calling you, but
you didn't answer.
I was out having dinner with
some girls from Seino High.
Aw! You should've called
me to come along with you!
Sorry. I promise I'll give
you a call next time.
You mean it? Okay.
And we should all go to
karaoke sometime, right?
Sure.
Okay! See ya!
[Yamato] Nakanishi,
what are you doing?
[Nakanishi] Whatever. Are you
trying to take Asamicchi from
me, too?
Huh?
You're not getting it, are you?
Asamicchi's my angel, man!
And those boobs of
her's are amazing!
Is that all you ever
look at, Takashi?
Of course not!
It isn't just her rack, dude!
Asamicchi is...
[Nakanishi] Sorry about that.
Take it easy. It was
an accident, okay?
Man, that was awkward.
Who is she?
You haven't seen her around?
That's Mei Tachibana.
Got her in my class.
I don't know what her deal
is, dude. Keeps to herself.
Never talks to anybody.
I bet you 500 yen no one's ever
heard the sound of her voice.
No that I want to.
[Yamato] Hmm...
[Yamato] She's kind of...
...interesting.
[school bell rings]
What's the point of these
morning assemblies anyway?
[Nakanishi] Hey!
Stop right there!
Pleated skirt bingo!
[Girl 1] Knock it off!
[Girl 2] You little pervert!
[Nakanishi] Hey, I'm not the one
[Nakanishi] showing their butt
off to the entire school!
Come on, don't be a jerk, man.
Just giving some
friendly advice!
If you keep on wearing
your skirts short like that,
you might end up being
victimized by a real prevert!
[Girl 2] Drop dead, you jackass!
[Girl 1] You bastard!
So tell me, Yamato, was that
thing with girls from Seino High
a mixer? Tell me.
Uh, not really. We just grabbed
something to eat.
[Girl 3] But that's not fair.
You should go out with us.
[Yamato] Yeah, I will. Soon.
[Girl 4] All right!
[Girl 3] We're holding
you to it!
[girls laugh]
[Nakanishi] Hot legs
at three o'clock.
That long skirt
isn't fooling me.
Who do you belong
to, mystery skirt?
What? Oh. You've got
to be kidding me.
Hey, Takashi, knock
it off, will ya?
[Girls] Yamato! Oh my gosh!
Are you okay!? What happened?
Kurosawa?
[Mei] Another "accident".
Isn't that right?
Keep your hands off!
Got it, asshole?!
I hope you die!
[Girl 1] She's so mean!
Nakanishi's the one who did it.
[Girl 3] Are you okay?
[Yamato laughs]
Ow... [continues laughing]
Did you hit your head
or something?
Mei Tachibana.
[Boy 1] Let's go home together.
[Boy 2] Huh? Don't you
have club?
[Boy 1] Not today.
[Boy 2] Oh, okay.
[Girl 1] What's her problem?
[Girl 2] Who does she
think she is anyway?
[Yamato] Miss Tachibana?
Miss Mei Tachibana?
Truce, okay?
[Mei] Okay. What do you want?
I'd like to apologize, okay?
[Mei] Apologize? For what?
My friend back there
was a little imature.
Nakanishi, the guy who was
playing with your skirt,
he's a friend of mine.
He said you were in
the same homeroom.
[Mei] I wouldn't know. I don't
really talk to my classmates.
He's kind of girl-crazy, but
he's pretty harmless, if you
know what I mean.
Not a lot of fun for
you, though.
[Yamato] I just want you
to know, I'm sorry.
[Mei] Okay, well,
I'm sorry, too.
S-Sorry for accidentally
kicking you.
[Yamato starts laughing]
Sorry.
I mean really, that was
one heck of a roundhouse.
[Yamato continues laughing]
I'm sorry. Really.
Yeah. Can I go now?
You know, you're really pretty
fun, when you think about it.
[Mei] Define "fun". Fun
to pick on and ridicule?
[Yamato] No. Of course not.
I just think it'd be fun to get
to know you better. That's all.
[Mei] I don't understand.
[Yamato] What I mean is...
How do I put this...
[Mei] Enough already.
You don't want to eat
too much too quickly,
otherwise you're gonna end up
giving yourself a stomache ache.
[kitten meows]
[Mama cat meows]
Tachibana.
I said leave me alone, damnit.
I think we should be friends.
Huh?
Let's trade. Okay?
You want to?
What? Why?
No way.
Just our phone numbers,
not the phones themselves.
[Mei] I don't want to
do that, either.
[Yamato] Okay. Then...
[paper rustling]
[Yamato] Take this.
[Yamato writting]
[Yamato] Contact me anytime.
When I kicked you back there,
I hurt your hand, right?
Here.
Oh, thank you...
Of course I'm not sure this
little bandage will cover
this big ol' bruise.
[Mei] It should be enough.
Let me know if you need more.
Uh, I didn't mean it that way.
[Mei] I'm leaving, now.
[Yamato] Mei!
Thanks again. Okay?
[Yamato] See you later.
Maybe she doesn't like me.
That was freaky.
I haven't talked to anyone
at school in so long.
What's up with giving
me his number?
Thank you.
I didn't know anyone
could smile like that.
And not fake it.
No way! There's no way
in hell I'm calling that guy.
[Mei] Thank you very much.
Come again.
Chocolate danishes
are done.
Hey everyone, the chocolate
danishes are fresh out
of the oven!
They're ready when you are.
[Shop Owner] Um, Mei.
[Mei] Yes, ma'am?
Do you have a fever
or something?
Your face is red.
No. I'm really okay.
I don't have a fever.
[Salary man] Excuse me.
I'll take these.
[Mei] Oh, of course.
Shall I pack all the
sweet ones together?
Go ahead and bag
them separately.
Could you also include some
napkins and those moist
towlettes with that, please?
Yes, certainly.
[Mei] So out of 2,000,
950 yen is your change.
Hang on.
Oh, I miss counted there
for a second.
Sorry about that.
[Chiahru] Thank you. Come again.
[Shop Owner] Mei, could
you come help me here?
I'm coming.
[door opens and closes]
Mei, what are you
suppose to say?
[Mei] I'm home, Mom.
I shouldn't be dwelling
on this.
He's only gonna betray me.
Mei!
Huh?
[Yamato] Mei!
[Yamato] Hey, Mei!
[Mei] That's Tachibana-kun.
Why haven't you called yet?
I've been waiting to hear
it ring, you know?
Stop following me!
And why the hell would
I call you anyway?
Well, I thought we could chat.
I hate talking on the phone!
What? Don't you talk
to your friends?
[Mei] I don't have friends.
Home and work.
[Mei] The world's full
of backstabbers,
and this high school
is full of jerks
looking for whoever they're
gonna victimize next.
Oh yeah. I know their
game, they invite you
into their cliques,
play nice and kick you out
when they get bored with you.
Well Mr. Popular, I don't
want to be friends with
people like that.
There's no way you can
possibly believe all that.
Of course I can.
[Mei] I don't need friends.
Really, I don't.
[Asami] Yamato, there you are.
You look spaced out, man.
Really? I'm good, honest.
Hey, let's go to
karaoke, Yamato!
You remember you said
you were going.
Let's do it. Sounds like fun.
[Asami] Alright!
[Nakanishi] Start callin', dude,
and make sure they're all cute.
[Asami] You're a total doofus,
you know that?
[Nakanishi] Cute girls make
the party, Asamichi.
[Asami] God! You're
hopeless, Takashi.
[Nakanishi] That's okay.
You're a one girl cutie
quota all by yourself.
[Shop owner] Sorry I kept
you so late.
[Mei] Not at all.
Good work today.
[phone rings]
Isn't that the guy whose
always coming into the bakery?
He can't just be walking home
the same way I go, right?
But why in the hell is he just
standing there and staring at
me all the time?
Freaking creep. It's not a
coincidence that guy's
following me?
Come on, Mom, pick
up the phone!
[phone keeps ringing]
♪For you...♪
Awesome! You rock, Asamicchi!
Here, Yamato.
Okay, thanks.
[Yamato's phone goes off]
Hang on just a second.
[Girl] Who is it?
Hello?
[Mei] Um...
This is Tachibana.
I... I need your help!
[Yamato] It's okay, Mei.
Just tell me where you are.
[Mei] The convenience
store on Third.
[Yamato] Stay put, I'm coming!
[Mei] Okay.
What's wrong?
It's that creepy guy
standing outside the store.
He always comes into
the bakery where I work,
everday, he followed me
tonight and now he's just
standing there!
I'm scared!
How long have you been
in the store?
[Mei] About 35 minutes.
That's not good! The guy
really is stalking you!
I-I don't know what I'm
gonna do Kurosawa.
My mom wasn't picking
up her phone,
and I didn't know who
else to call!
[register ringing
up Yamato's goods]
[Clerk] Thank you very much.
Um, Kurosawa?
[Yamato] Here.
[Mei] Ice cream?
[Yamato] I got hot running here.
I understand the situation.
All right. Let's go!
Uh... H-Hey!
[Yamato] It's okay, Mei.
Wait a minute.
[Salary man] Who's he?
Your boyfriend?
[Yamato] Mei.
I love you.
Huh?
[Mei] He kissed me.
What's going to happen
to me now?
He's gone now.
Uh, Mei?
[Mei] And that was
the place, I had my first...
My first...
...kiss.
"Nothing starts
until you begin."
So this is "Say 'I Love You,'"
and these are our first steps.
When you're in a rush, you can
always just call it "Love Ya."
[Mashmallow] That's
pushing it, meow.